: You, tough child of Kwangtung?
of the child whose ancestors hung in the basket above the gap in Sierras and pushed the dynamite into the scalps?
, I just want you to turn into the flour on the wall.
, your ancestors are now turning in the graves.
too much pressure on me you push me.
, I'm not slave slave. I'm not a slave.
, I acted as a security guard. I acted as a security guard.
, I finished with shocking chofércing.
, I send the house a little lesser of money.
, I don't have  ⁇ as eaten. I don't have  ⁇ as eating.
, I am  ⁇ asto evil. I am  ⁇ asto evil.
, if I die, I'm fucked up.
, my family will be in the fuckin' ass.
: And for the prophet? And for the Pro ⁇ ?
, what do you mean, what do you mean?
, however, none of the interested parties did not submit any alternative to any alternative.
, the revision is based on adjusted capacity data provided by the applicant covering the whole Union industry.
, the revised data are accompanied by references to publicly available data relating to, in particular, unused capacities and capacities of producers who have stopped operating due to financial difficulties.
, as explained above in Section 6 of the ‘Macroeconomic indicators’, the revised data provide a much more precise set of capacity data available for the production of biodiesel during the period considered than the data originally provided and published in the provisional Regulation.
, each mistakes every mistakes, each mistakes, and every mistakes.
, you know what it's like? Do you know what it's like?
, for heavy sins, you've got a lot of fat.
, for the slight sins, you can enjoy a little.
, do you understand? Do you understand?
, the man killed a boy and I helped him.
, I was happy to be happy. I was happy.
, forgive me, forgive me.
, you need to go to work and go to work!
, Geum-jao, what do those eye shadows mean?
, you know why those kids, you know why the kids...
: Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey!
here's another here! There's more here!
do you mean, do you know? Hello?
: [5] Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions: Digital Agenda for Europe, COM(2010) 245 final, 28.8.2010.
: Study in Europe Erasmus and Leonardo da Vinci European Commission Home News Transport and Travel Energy and Natural Resources EU in Costa, Finance and Tax Culture, Education and Youth Business Regions and local development Justice and civil rights Science and technology Foreign policy EU Employment and social rights Agriculture, fisheries and food Environment, consumer protection and health and trainees abroad?
Yo, you don't want to see the cellar, the shit.
, did it have been shown to you?
 ⁇  Now look out now.  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
House is not for sale to the house. It is not for sale.
: So what was it like? What was it like?
... was it a... experience?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
ly, it was a experience of experience, certainly.
, what's it like smelling like smrad? What is it?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, that's... secret Navy Flowers and...
, look, is everything all right, all right?
: No, no.
: neither nor does it.
, in fact, actually, it's not actually not at all.
: Application of EU legislation Answer from the Council (3 November 2009)
, it was supposed to be just a test...
Samah stared at Xara with a dazzling fever in his eyes.
, that was all that was all.
: a difficult test, a difficult test.
, it should have taught you humility and patience.
, it was meant to mitigate your aggressiveness..."
, weaken us," Xar said quietly, silent.
, yes," Samah said, slowly bowing his head slowly.
, weaken you."
: You were afraid of us."
, we were afraid of you."
, you were hoping that we would die..."
: No.'
, Samah shook his head as he shook his head.
, Labyrint became an embodiment of this hope.
, there is nothing bigger or older than the universe.
, I would like to talk about the following questions:
, are we in space ourselves in space?
, pursuant to Articles 46 EC and 55 EC, Articles 43 EC and 49 EC do not preclude the restriction justified grounds of public health.
, I'm saying what I've heard.
, even the other cops heard it, even the other cops.
, that means that I'm going to go to Ko ⁇ í ⁇ .
, hell, hell.
, that's to be a messenger. It's for the messenger. It's for the messenger. It's for the messenger.
, I don't have anything to do with Freeb what to do, just help you. And nobody knows it, except the cops.
, did they ears it on me?
every one has someone. Each one has someone.
, do you want me to go away?
, because you told me that I'm going to leave, -it's not gonna help.
, I'm going to go to it from elsewhere.
, so I should go. So I should go. So I should go.
: Slavava Slavava.
And you should be careful of your language.
Naser naser naser sizes.
'S Come here to sit with us here to sit down with us!
, I don't have time to have time.
: Come with me! Come with me! Come with me!
, you're eating afterwards.
: Come on! Come on! Let's go!
, don't push me, or I'll give you sexes.
, Oswald, look who's here!
, no one shall walk behind him after him.
, but how do you know, how? But how? But how?
, what are you doing here? What are you doing here?
, I will teach you to listen to you! I will teach you to listen to you!
, outdoors, outdoors!
, always by him, he always stands at him.
, where is Dana? Where is Dane?
, it's on the roof, on the roof, the roof, is on the roof.
