: You, tough child of Kwangtung?
of the child whose ancestors hung in the basket above the gap in Sierras and pushed the dynamite into the scalps?
, I just want you to change in flour on the wall.
, your ancestors are now turning in the graves.
too much pressure on me you push me.
, I'm not slave slave. I'm not a slave.
, I ended up as a security guard.
, I ended up with shocking choping.
, I send the house a little lesser of money.
, I don't have  ⁇ as have to eat.
, I am  ⁇ asto evil. I am  ⁇ asto evil.
, if I die, I'm fucked up.
, my family will be fucked in the fuck.
: And for the prophet? And for the prophet?
, what do you mean, what do you mean?
, however, none of the interested parties did not submit any alternative to any alternative.
, the revision is based on adjusted capacity data provided by the applicant covering the whole Union industry.
, the revised data are accompanied by references to publicly available data concerning, in particular, unused capacities and capacities of producers who have stopped operating due to financial difficulties.
, as explained above in Section 6 ‘Macroeconomic indicators’, the revised data provide a much more accurate set of capacity data available for the production of biodiesel during the period considered than the data originally provided and published in the provisional Regulation.
, each mistakes every mistakes, each mistakes, and every mistakes.
, you know what it's like? Do you know what it's like?
, for heavy sins, you've got a lot of fat.
less sins, you can enjoy a little.
, do you understand that you understand?
, the man killed a boy and I helped him.
, I was happy to be happy. I was happy.
, forgive me, forgive me.
, you need to go to work, you have to go to work, you have to go to work!
Geum-jao, what do those eye shadows mean?
, you know why those kids, you know why the kids...
: Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey!
here's another here! There's more here!
do you mean, do you know? Hello?
: [5] Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions: Digital Agenda for Europe, COM(2010) 245 final, 28.8.2010.
Study in Europe Erasmus and Leonardo da Vinci European Commission Home News Transport and Travel Energy and Natural Resources of the EU in the Cost of Economic, Finance and Tax Culture, Education and Youth Enterprise Regional and local development Justice and civil rights Science and technology Foreign policy EU Employment and social rights Agriculture, fisheries and food Environment, consumer protection and health and trainees abroad?
Yo, you don't want to see the cellar, the shit.
, did it have been shown to you?
 ⁇  Now look out now, look out.
House is not for sale to the house. It is not for sale.
: So what was it like? What was it like?
... was it a... experience?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, it certainly was a experience of experience in experience.
, what's it like smelling like smrad? What is it?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, that's... secret Navy Flowers and...
, look, is everything all right, all right?
: No, no.
: neither nor does it. No. No. No.
, in fact, actually, it's not at all at all. It's not at all.
: Application of EU legislation Answer from the Council (3 November 2009)
, it was supposed to be just a test...
Samah stared at Xara with a dazzling fever in his eyes.
, that was all that was all.
: a difficult test, a difficult test.
, it should have taught you humility and patience.
, it was meant to mitigate your aggressiveness..."
, weaken us," Xar said quietly, silent.
, yes," Samah said, slowly bowing his head slowly.
, weaken you."
: You were afraid of us."
, we were afraid of you."
, you were hoping that we would die..."
: No.'
, Samah shook his head as he shook his head.
, Labyrint became an embodiment of this hope.
, there is nothing bigger or older than the universe.
, I would like to talk about the following questions:
, are we in space ourselves in space?
, pursuant to Articles 46 EC and 55 EC, Articles 43 EC and 49 EC do not preclude the restriction justified grounds of public health.
, I'm saying what I've heard.
, even the other cops heard it, even the other cops.
, that means that I'm going to go to Ko ⁇ í ⁇ .
, hell, hell.
, that's to be a messenger. It's for the messenger. It's for the messenger. It's for the messenger.
, I don't have anything to do with Freeb what to do, just help you. And nobody knows it, except those cops.
, did they ears it on me?
every one has someone. Each one has someone.
, do you want me to go away, to leave?
, because you told me that I'm going to leave, -ti won't help.
, I'm going to go to it from elsewhere.
, so I should go. So, I should go.
, glaze, Slava.
And you watch out for your language.
Naser naser naser sizes.
'S Come here to sit with us here to sit down with us!
, I don't have time to have time.
: Come with me! Come with me! Come with me!
, you're eating afterwards.
: Come on! Come on! Let's go!
, don't push me, or I'll give you gender.
, Oswald, look who's here!
, no one shall walk behind him after him.
, but how do you know, how? But how? But how do you know how?
, what are you doing here? What are you doing here?
, I will teach you to listen to you! I will teach you to listen to you!
, outside, outdoors!
, always by him, he always stands at him.
, where is Dana? Where is Dane?
, he's on the roof, on the roof, on the roof, is on the roof.
